Project Name	Wargaming for AI (Group F)
Project Sponsor	Dr. John Reisner	Customer	Mr. Michael Seal
Project Manager	Abdulrahman Albaiz	Group	F
Project Start date	Jan 17, 2022	Project End date	Mar 21, 2022
	
1.	Organization
WSU	Computer Science and Engineering	Portfolio	NA
Department Head	NA	Cost Center	NA

2.	Project Description & Objectives 

Background: The broad Department of Defense wargaming community is interested in applying Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning (AI/ML) to its craft.  However, there are significant structural barriers to achieving AI/ML based gains because true war-games or serious games are currently digitally-supported analog constructs. 
Project: A limited, turn-based Wargame-for-AI engine will be developed to demonstrate the features and functionality of an AI/ML friendly game construct.  There is a significant need to educate potential future users on wargaming specific aspects of the representation problem for AI/ML. Regardless of AI application, digital representations which present detailed in-game expected outcomes information stands to significantly improve human play. The resulting product will be used to demonstrate a viable wargame-for-AI engine of robust expected outcomes data to players improves the overall game outcomes in human play.
The general scope of the initial game is constrained to an advanced board-game level, of a lower complexity than typical 1-3 hour-to-play map based games from the mid-1980’s heyday of entertainment wargaming.  (For a digital example, examine Microprose Decision in the Desert and Crusade in Europe, which are more advanced than the intended product.)







 

3.	In-Scope/Out-of-Scope & Deliverables 

The key objectives of this engagement is as below,
•	TBD
•	TBD

Out-of-scope:
•	TBD
•	TBD


#	Deliverables
1	Software Solution
2	Documentations



4.	Initial Project Plan/Milestones

#	Task Name	Duration	Start	Finish
1	Requirements Refinement and Prototype	2 Weeks	Jan 17	Jan 30
2	Analysis and Design	1 Week	Jan 31	Feb 6
3	Implementation	3 Weeks	Feb 7	Feb 27
	------------------------   Spring Break   ------------------------	1 Week	Feb 28	Mar 6
4	User Acceptance Testing (UAT)	1 Week	Mar 7	Mar 13
5	Training and support	1 Week	Mar 14	Mar 20
6	Documentation	1 Week	Mar 14	Mar 20

* This is a high-level plan. The detailed project plan will be available after approving the Requirement Specification Document.

5.	Financial Reference  
Budget: Free of charge, part of CEG4120/6120 Course	Work Order: NA	Cost Center: NA  


6.	Stakeholders

1	Name: Dr. John Reisner	Department: CSE	Responsibility: Sponsor
2	Name: Mr. Michael Seal	Department: AFIT	Responsibility: Customer
3	Name: Abdulrahman Albaiz 	Department: CSE	Responsibility: Project Manager
4	Name: Robert Linger	Department: CSE	Responsibility: Lead Analyst
5	Name: Christopher Kemplin	Department: CSE	Responsibility: Lead Developer
6	Name: Ahmed Alsaedi	Department: CSE	Responsibility: Comms Manager
7	Name: Daniel Curto	Department: CSE	Responsibility: Lead Tester


7.	Governance

•	Meeting Frequency (weekly, biweekly, monthly, etc.): 
Weekly

•	Project Progress Status Report (weekly, biweekly, monthly, etc.)
Biweekly

 
8.	Approvals
Title	Name	Signature	Date
Project Sponsor	Dr. John Reisner		
Customer	Mr. Michael Seal		
Project Manager	Abdulrahman Albaiz		
Lead Analyst	Robert Linger		
Lead Developer	Christopher Kemplin		
Comms Manager	Ahmed Alsaedi		
Lead Tester	Daniel Curto		

